Support MongoDB as a storage mechanism (#722)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive: README.md

git clone https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/services-all.git
```

### Setting up the database

Initialize the database:

```sh

> npm run setup

Author: Yep but I think this option is not relevant anymore. 
With MongoDB, I'm think we do not want to create a script to clone the Mongo database from our server to a local database. Moreover as our snapshots repository is now very heavy and slow, I do not find it a nice option. If the user really wants a copy of the official database, he still could clone it manually.

> npm run setup

Author: Also remove related dependency

}
```

##### Storage adapters configuration

> Two storage adapters are currently supported: Git and MongoDB. Each one can be used independently for versions and snapshots.

Author: > Note: `adapter` has a specific meaning in term of Design pattern and it doesn't seem to fit our case. I think the pattern here is rather the Repository pattern. In this case, we should maybe change the term we use… What do you think?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_mapper_pattern

What about `persistence-mappers` where `git` and `mongo` are mappers?

###### Git configuration

```json
{
  …
  "storage": {
    "git": {
      "path": "Versions database directory path, relative to the root of this project",

>       "publish": "Boolean. Set to true to publish changes to the shared, global database. Should be true only in production.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "publish": "Boolean. Set to true to push changes to the origin of the cloned repository at the end of every run. Recommended for production only.",
```
